{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red71\green71\blue71;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34902\c34902\c34902;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I will introduce my Todolist Application using React.\
\
2. It\'92s based on my personal project using vanilla javascript. After making this app by html, css and javascript, I thought that I should make same thing using React as well. So, I tried to do it. It is slightly different from the javascript todolist. I will tell you about it right after.
\f2\fs24 \
\
3. 
\f0\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \strokec3 In the Js todolist, I used background image\'a0 array which has \'91image name\'92 like bg1.png, bg2.png etc. I randomly choose one of the images and used it as a background image. but In the react todolist, I used a URL to have a random image as a background image. And, I added test codes using jest library.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
4. 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Through this two projects, I learned grammar for javascript and react. I implemented Login and TodoList components which have 3 functions such as putting data, getting data and removing data by using localStorage. And I learned how to use Geolocation API. And I learned about test\
\
5.I found TDD which is Test driven development. The 3 steps for TDD is writing a failing test at first, and making the test pass and Refactor.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl352\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 What we can obtain by TDD is Think first before coding. so it seems taking more time than coding without test. But, we can make clean and better code to be easy to read by others. As the result, it\'92s easy for maintenance and it will take less time to debug than coding without tests. 
\f2\fs24 \
\
}